If you're interested in becoming an officer, there are many ways to do
it. One of the most popular routes is to go to the Naval Academy. Every
enlisted, I'm sorry, every military branch has their own service
academy, even the Coast Guard. The Marines go to the Naval Academy,
Navy goes to the Naval Academy, Army people go to West Point. So they
each have their own service academy for four years, and they take
17 to 23 year olds. You can also do ROTC, which is not. The military
branch, you can go to normal schools, and they pay for your education,
you just have to show up to some military classes, and basically
they give you a salary and they ask you to spend five years at the
end of that service doing some kind of military work. You can also
join the military and be there for a few months, a year or two, and
then during that time, you can actually go into the officer route.
So they, if you're a good sailor, if you have a good evaluation and
they think that you're tip-top, then they will suggest you to go to
the officer route. In that case you go to a one of the schools that
they select. There are several other ways as well, there's officer candidate
school and there's direct commissioned officer. There's also
limited duty officer and chief one officer for the Navy. But those
are just some ways that you can become an officer.